welcome to another edition about our
storytellers I'm your host dan bar for
this edition of outdoor storytellers
we've come to the confluence of the
Grande Ronde River in Oregon and the
Snake River in Idaho in search of
bighorn sheep and as you can see from
behind my shoulder we found them
they actually found us more than we
found them after days of hiking and
searching this group of Grand Ronde
Bighorns just walked out into the road
only 20 yards in front of those there
was of course the dominant male Ram of
the group who wasn't afraid to assert
his authority a dozen or so females
called use and a couple of lands all of
which were perfectly content eating
scrub brush and grasses while taking in
the canyon son
most of the bighorn sheep were either
ear tag or collared indicating that a
state or federal wildlife agency has
been tracking and studying this group
but what caught my eye after watching
them for the afternoon was the nonverbal
behavior demonstrated by the dominant
Ram and the antics of the smallest
member of these sheep so I assume
youngest lamb this little girl or boy
just wandered about the hillside though
never leaving the protection of a few
use I called the lamb Simba after the
Disney character from The Lion King of
course there were no Lions here only a
lamb with a group of bighorn sheep on
Washington and Oregon's Grand Ronde
River crowd or storytellers I'm Dan buck
KXLY 4 HD news